Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Tesla has fourth quarter 2024, QA webcast my name is Travis Axelrod Heaven, restoration relations here at Tesla, and I am joined today by Elon Musk and them up, Tunisia, and a number of other executives. Are Q4 results, were announced at about 3 p.m. central Time in the update deck, we published at the same length as this. Webcast during this call, we will discuss our business Outlook and make forward-looking statements. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.  Day actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.  During the question and answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue. Before we jump into, Q&A Elon has some opening remarks, Elon figured. So in summary, in Q4, we set a record and limit vehicles and annualized rate of nearly 2 million a year. So, congratulations to the Tesla team on. Excellent work. We're to achieving record production and deliveries we  Wonder why was the best-selling vehicle cost of any kind for 2024? That's worth noting that the not just the best electric vehicle, the best vehicle of any kind on Earth. Number one, where's Lorelai? We're staying focused on maximizing volumes and obviously doubling down for, I don't know what really does, it essentially doubling down on autonomy, but really, it's like autonomy is like ten Xing frankly, doubling is not even enough room.  Made many critical investments in 2024 in manufacturing, Ai and Robotics that will bear immense fruit in the future and meds like it's in fact to such a scale that it is difficult to comprehend. And I've said this before, and I'll stand by it, it I see a path. I'm not saying it's an easy path, but I see a path for Tesla being the most valuable company in the world by far. Not even close, like maybe several times more than  I mean, I think that there is a path where Tesla is worth more than the next top five companies combined. There's a path to that.  I think it's like an incredibly just like a difficult path but it is an achievable path.  So and that is overwhelmingly due to autonomous vehicles and autonomous humanoid robots.  So, our focus is, is actually building towards that and then that that's what we're laying the ground. We will lay the groundwork for that in 2024 will continue to lay the groundwork for that in 2025, in fact, more than lay the groundwork actually. So people during the structure, we were building the manufacturing lines and  Let go I'd like setting up for what I think will be an epic 2026 and the ridiculous 27 and 28 ridiculously good.  That is my prediction.  as you had very few group, very few people understand the value of host of driving and our ability to monetize the fleet you you know, I've seen these things I've said for quite a long time and I know people have said, well you know, he owns the boy who cried wolf like several times but I'm telling you there's a damn wolf with it this time and your friend Times. I'm telling you there's a damn wolf for the victors time and you can drive it. In fact, it could drive you. It's a self-driving wolf, you know, for a lot of people that they're like their experience of Tesla autonomy is like if it's even a year old, if Steven two years old that it's like me except it's like meeting someone when they're like a toddler and thinking that they're going to be a toddler forever, but obviously not going to be a toddler forever, they grow up. But your  But if their last experience was like, oh FSD was a toddler? It's like, well, it's growing up now. Have you seen it? It's like walks and talks and that's really what we've got and it's difficult to for people to understand this because human intuition is linear as opposed to what we're seeing is exponential progress. So that's why my number one recommendation for anyone who doubts is simply try it. Have you tried it? When's the last time you tried  it and the only people who are skeptical, the only people who are skeptical all those who have not tried it.  So, you know, a car goes passenger car typically has only about 10 hours of utility per week out of 168.  Very small percentage. Once, the car is autonomous, my rough estimate is that it is. You is in use for at least a third of the hours per week. So call it 50 baby 35 hours of the week and it can be used for both cargo delivery and pupils are very, so even that's a people are asleep, but your tool, you can deliver packages in the middle of the night or resupply restaurants or whatever the case may be, whatever people need at all.  Hours of the day or night, that same asset, the thing that effect that is these things that already exist with no incremental cost. Change just a software update now have five times or more utility than they currently have.  I am I think this will be the largest asset value increase in human history. Maybe there's something bigger but I just don't know what it is.  And so people who look in the rearview mirror, all looking for past precedent, except I don't think there is one. So, but, you know, the there, but the but the reality of autonomy is upon us and I repeat my advice.  Try dragging the car.  I'll let it drive you.  So now it works very well in the US but of course it will overtime work just as well everywhere else.   Yeah.  So we're working hard to grow our annual volumes. I've been straight this, your current constraint is battery packs this year, but we were working on addressing that constraint  And I think we will make progress in addressing that constraint and then things are really going to go ballistic next year and really Bliss again 27 and 28. So yeah so a little bit more on It On full self-driving, our queue for vehicle safety. Report shows continued, year-over-year improvements and safety for vehicles so that the safety Universe if somebody has supervised  Put of driving to a non or not the Savior differences are gigantic. So when people see in the amounts of improvement with version 13 and with agrella versions and version 13 and then we're 14 is going to be yet another Step Beyond that. That is very significant. We launched the cortex training cluster at gigafactory Austin which was a significant contributor to FSD advancement.  And we continue to invest in training infrastructure at a tip, Texas headquarters. So the training needs for Optimus for Optimus humanoid. Robot or probably at least ultimately 10x what? What it's needed for the car but at least you get to the full range of of useful roles. You can say, like, if your how many different roles are, therefore, humanoid robot versus a car here at robot fizz.   Has probably 1,000 times more uses and more complex things than in a car. That doesn't mean that the training scales by 1000, but it's probably, you know, 10x that. Now, you can do this progressively. So doesn't mean like or Tesla? We're gonna spend You know 10x that now you can do this progressively. So doesn't mean like or Tesla going to spend like five hundred billion dollars in training compute? Because we were obviously trained The Optimist to do enough tasks to match the output of autonomous robots.  and obviously the cost of training is dropping dramatically with time so but it is it is  Like is one of those things where I think long-term Optimus will be.  At what Optimus has the potential to be north of 10 trillion dollars in Revenue, like it's really bananas.  So that your cautiously forward, a lot of training computer in that situation. In fact, even 500 billion dollars training computer in that situation will require your deal.  Yeah.  The future is going to be incredibly different from the past, that's for sure. We live at this unbelievable infection point in human history. So  Yeah, so in the proofs the proof is in the pudding. So we're going to be launching unsupervised. Full self-driving, as a paid service in Austin in June  so,  If talk with the team, we feel confident in being able to do an initial launch of unsupervised. No one in the car for self-driving, in Austin, in June, we already have a Tesla. Has operating autonomously on two wires for so, driving at our Factory in Fremont and will soon be a free bird during that, at our Factory in Texas?  So thousands of cars every day are driving with no one in them and on Fremont, Factory in California, they will soon be during that and Austin and then elsewhere in the world for the rest of our factories, which is pretty cool. And the cars aren't just  driving to exactly the same spot because obviously at all when it's light at the same spot hey the cars are actually programmed with with where with what Lane then you talked into to be picked up for delivery. So they're drive from the factory End of Line to their specific to their destination, parking spot and and the foot could be picked up for delivery to customers.  and then during this reliably, every day, thousands of times a day,  It's pretty cool. Like said these are the Tesla will be in the wild was no one in them. In June, in Austin.  So the what I'm saying is this is not some far-off mythical situation. It's literally you know, five, six months away, five months away kind of thing. And while we're stepping it to putting on toe, in the water, gently at first just to make sure everything's cool.  Our solution are at sort of our solution is a solution, is a generalized AI solution. It is not does not require High Precision maps of locality so we're just want to be cautious. It's not that it doesn't work Beyond awesome. In fact it does we just want to be put a toe in the water? Make sure everything is okay. Then put a few more toes in the water. Then put a foot in the water.  With safety of the general public as those in the car as our top priority.  With regard to Optimus, obviously I'm making, you know, these Revenue projections predictions that sound? Absolutely insane. I realize that but  But they are, I think they will prove to be accurate.   Yeah. Now with Optimus, there's a lot of uncertainty on the exact timing because  It's not like a train arriving at the station for Optimus. We are designing the train, and the station, and in real-time. Well, also bullying the tracks. And, and so, they're like, why did portions are? Why didn't the training? Right? Exactly. At 12:05. Like we're literally designing the train and the track in the station in real time. While you're singing like how can we predict this thing with absolute Precision, some possible, you know, the the normal internal plan calls for roughly 10,000 Optimus row.  Most people at this year, what we succeed in building 10,000, exactly, by the end of December of this year. Here, what we succeed in building, 10 thousand, exactly. By the end of December of this year. Probably not. We, but I would, will we succeed in making several thousand? Yes, I think we will, will those several thousand Optimus robots, be doing useful things by the end of year? Yes, I'm confident they will declare will do useful things.  That those The Optimist in use at the Tesla factories for production design, one will inform, how would we change for production site to which we expect to launch next year? And our goal is to rent property, Optimus production faster than maybe any things ever been ramped. Meaning like aspirationally an order of magnitude for a year.  Now, if we aspire to order magnitude brand for your past, we only end up with a half order of magnitude per year, but that's the kind of growth that we're talking about. It doesn't take very many years before  You know, we're making 100 million of these things a year.  If you go up by, let's say a factor it by 5x per year. Okay? And say not 50%, five hundred percent  So it goes like this.  Yeah, but we do need to be it. This is an entirely new supply chain is entirely new technology. There's nothing of the sellout show up to use. We tried desperately it with Optimus to you to use any existing, Motors act, you know, any actuators sensors, nothing. Nothing worked for a humanoid, robot, at any price, we had to design everything from from physics. First principles to work for humanoid robot and with the most sophisticated,  Hand that has ever been made before by far.   An optimist will be also like play the piano and and be able to thread a needle.  And this is the level of precision. No one has been able to achieve  and so it's really something special, so  Yeah, so and my friction long to mr. Optimus will be overwhelmingly the value of the company.  Regarding energy backed up back to us with Elon, come back here for a minute. Okay. Back to us, storage is a big deal and will become. It's already super important will become incredibly important in future and it is something that enables far greater energy output to the grid, then is currently possible.  Because the grid the grid is that are the vast majority of the grid has no energy storage capability. So they have to design the power plants to beautiful very high peaks and assuming that there's no energy storage once you have grid grid, energy storage and home-based energy storage, the Eiffel total energy output per year of the British dramatically greater than people think. Maybe it's at least double.  This will drive the demand of stationary, battery packs and Pigman, especially the grid scale ones to and insane basically as much demand as we can possibly make. So we have S Factory which is an interesting guy that started operation and we're building a third Factory. So we're trying to wrap up put of the stationary battery storage as quickly as possible. Now the  There is a challenge here where we have to be careful to that. We're not robbing Tate robbing from one pocket to take to another pocket, because for a given vehicle, what hours per year? Or about the sellout, put, we're still, does it go into stationary applications for mobile applications? Again, go both is growth. So we have to make that trade-off.  Yeah.  But overall, overall, the demand for total, GB h of batteries, whether mobile or stationary that will grow to in a very, very big way over time.   So in conclusion, 2025 really is a pivotal year for Tesla and and winter will look back on 2025 and the launch of unsupervised will stop driving. We'll look back on 2025 and the launch of unsupervised, will self-driving, true, real world AI that, that actually works?  The, I think they regarded as the biggest year in Tesla history.  Maybe even bigger than a first car.  The Roadster or the model is for the model. 3 will model y.  The in fact I think it probably will be viewed 25 as may be the most important year in Tesla has history.  There is no company in the world that is as good at real world. AI is Tesla.  I don't even know if he's in second place like you say like who's in second place for real world. A I don't need a very big telescope to see them. That's how fall behind there.  All right. Okay. Thank you very much, Elon and above have some opening remarks as well. Yeah, I'll talk about things on earth as Elon mention in Q4. We set record set by deliveries and energy storage. Deployments in an uncertain, macro environment. We were able to grow Auto and energy storage volumes. But sequentially and year-over-year basis for this. I would like to thank the efforts of everyone at Tesla to make this a reality and our customers who helped us achieve this thing.  Coming into the fourth quarter. Our Focus was to reduce inventory levels in the automotive business and we accomplished that by ending the quarter with the lowest finished goods inventory in the last two years. This was a result of offering not only attractive financing options but also other discounts and programs which impacted asps while we saw Walling growth in almost all regions that we operate in. We hit a new record of four deliveries in the greater China Market. This is an encouraging  and since we grew volume in a highly competitive EV Market on the Automotive Martin front, we saw a quarter over quarter decline, primarily due to lower asps, then due to the recognition of FSD related Revenue in Q3 from feature. Releases our journey on cost reduction continues. And we were able to get our overall cost per car down below. Thirty five thousand dollars driven primarily by material cost.  This was despite increased appreciation, another cost as we prepare for the transition to the new model by, for which we recently started taking orders in all markets, all our factors will start producing the new model. While next month while we feel confident in our team's abilities to Ram production quickly note that it is an unprecedented change and we are not aware of anybody else, taking the best-selling car on the planet and updating all factories at the same time,  Let's change our world won't result in several weeks of lost production in the quarter. As a result margins will be impacted due to idea. Capacity another wrapped related costs as is common in any large, but will be overcome as production present.  We will be introducing several new products throughout 2025, we are still on track to launch a more affordable model in the first half of 2025 and will continue to expand on vinyl from there on a dollar-for-dollar basis. We believe we have the most compelling lineup today compared to the industry and it will continue to get better from here, as always, all our products come with the best software industry autonomy features and capable of full autonomy in the future and despite the Pima  Come experience. The total cost of ownership is close to mass Market Plus premium competitors.  Energy storage. Deployments reached an all-time high in Q4 this and resulted in, but the client sequentially, this was a result of higher this. Sorry growth came from mega pack and power. Both businesses continue to be Supply, constraint and like, Elon mention were trying to ramp up production with mega Factory Shanghai coming online this quarter on boy,  Well, quarterly deployments will likely continue to fluctuate. Sequentially. We expect at least 50 percent growth in deployments here over here in 2025 gross profit and margins in the service. And other business was a hero. We have declined sequentially. This was the result of higher service, center costs, and lower profit from used car business. The businesses within service, another primarily support our new car business, especially through their impact on total cost of ownership.  For while I manage them to be positive on a gaap basis. We do not expect similar margins as the rest of the business. There's a lot of uncertainty around tariffs, over the years. We've tried to localize our supply chain and every Market, but we are still very reliant on parts from across the world for all our businesses there for the imposition of tariffs, which is very likely Therefore the imposition of tariffs, which is very likely and any reciprocal City will have an impact on our business and profitability. Our operating expenses grew both year-over-year and sequentially. The biggest driver of the increase was only as we continue to invest in are related initiatives. Remaining increase came from growth in our sales capabilities and marketing efforts from referral program.  For 20-25, we expect operating expenses to increase to support our growth initiatives. It is important to point out that the net income in Q4 was impacted by 600 million mark-to-market benefit from Bitcoin due to the adoption of a new accounting standard for digital assets. When we change will take Mark to Market adjustments through other income every reporting period going forward.  Our free cash flow for the quarter was two billion and despite capex increase of or 2.4 billion in total 24, we were able to generate free cash flow of 3.6 billion for the year capex. Efficiency, efficiency is something we are extremely focused on while we have invested in AI related initiatives, we've done. So in a very targeted manner to to utilize this pain, to get immediate benefits, the build-out of Cortex was accelerated because of the role.  Well exit, actually, he'll accelerate the rule out of FSD. We version 38 accumulative are related, capex, including infrastructure so far has been approximately 5 billion and for 20-25 we expect our capex to be flat or any oldest here. Basics in conclusion, you know, like Elon said, he'll be 25 is going to be a pivotal year for Tesla. There are a lot of Investments that we have made and will continue to make it  this coming year, which will set the pace for the next phase of growth. And, you know, it is something which now I'm getting out all the fourth, it is going to be out of this world and we just playing putting the right foundation and that's all I have great. Thanks very much, fiber. Now we will move over to investor questions coming. We'll start with say.com. The first question is is unsupervised FSD still plaintiff?  In Texas and California this year, what hurls still exists to make that happen? You address the Texas piece I think already. So yeah I'm confident that we will release unsupervised FSD in California this year as well. You know? Yeah. That in fact, I think we will most likely release unsupervised FSD and many regions of the country of the US by the end of this year.  Like I said, we're just putting a toe in the water than few toes, then a foot then leg then, you know, make sure everything's cool and we're looking for safety level. That is significantly above the average human driver, so it's not anywhere like much safe. Or not like little bit safer than human way safer than human. So the standard has to be very high because the moment there's any kind of, you know, accident with an autonomous car.  This immediately gets worldwide headlines, even though about 40,000 people die every year in car accidents in the US, and most of them don't even get a mentioned anywhere.  But if somebody's great exception within an autonomous car, it's a headline news. We wonder what that yeah.  So it's really from Mexico. The only thing holding us back is an excess of caution but people can suddenly get a feel for how well the car would perform. As unsupervised FSD by simply having car allowing the car to drive you around your city. And see how many times did you have to get to be in love? Where you want you to be in all were a little concerned but how many times did you have to into being for or definite safety reasons and you will find that? That is currently very rare and  Overtime, Almost Never.  Great. Thank you very much. The next question is. Are there any discussions with other auto companies about licensing? FSD. Yes. What we're saying is?  At this point, significant interest from a number of major car companies about licensing that Tesla for self-driving technology or people generally said is the best way to know what to do is take one of our cars apart and and then you can see what where the placement of the cameras are, what the thermal needs are of the Tesla Nai Burns computer. That's better than us. You know setting some A, i a computer that's better than us, you know, sending some CAD drawings and and then we're only going to entertain situations where the volume would be very high. Otherwise it is not worth the complexity and and we will not burden our engineering team with laborious discussions with other engineering teams until we obviously have unsupervised will stop driving working throughout the United States.  I think the interest level from other manufacturers to license ever see will be extremely high. Once it is obvious that unless you have FSD your debt   Great. Thank you very much. The next question is is Optimus. Now mostly designed locked for 20-25 production.  Optimus is not designed locked. So when I said like we're designing the train as it's going to. We redesigned the train as going down the tracks, while redesign the tracks and the train stations. And yeah, it's a rapidly evolving. It's rapidly evolving in a good direction.  You know it's pretty pretty damn amazing. Actually teams doing a fantastic job. We really have by far and I think by far the best team of humanoid robotics engineers in the world and we also have all the other ingredients necessary that, you know, because you need a great battery pack, you need a great Power Electronics in your grid charging capability. You need a, you know, great Communications, got a couple Wi-Fi + cellular connectivity.  And and of course, you need real world Ai and then the ability to scale that production to significant huge levels. So you need to have to design for manufacturing. The things that we need the really what other companies are missing is they're missing the real world Ai and the missing the ability to scale manufacturing to Millions units a year.  I think that is an underappreciated thing that Ingersoll ization of design is the whole different thing than making a design. Yeah, prototypes are trouble basically prototypes are easy Productions hot except for many years the problem is that there's like those who have never been involved in production or manufacturing somehow think that met you. Once you come up with some Eureka design that you magically can make it million units here and this is totally false. The needs to be some  That some Hollywood Story orbs where they show actually, the problem is manufacturing, what they can have one, is it? You know, it's just doesn't fit the narrative. The Hollywood thing is like, it's like some lone inventor in a garage goes Eureka. And suddenly it files a patent and suddenly there's millions of units. I like I'm listening guys, we're missing one really, not it 99% of the story. 1% is a, you know, that old saying one person like a product is 1% inspiration 99%.  Sent perspiration. The Hollywood church is one percent inspiration and - but forgets about the 99% perspiration of actually figuring out how to make that initial prototype manufacturer will. And then make action at high volume, such that the product is reliable, low-cost consistent, doesn't break down all the time and that is a hundred times harder at least than the Prototype. Then you have to get it there. Deliver it back. Yeah, yeah. You're always regulations and resilient regulator on the world's for difficult.  Great. Thank you. The next question, is also obvious related. When will Tesla start selling Optimist, and what will the price be?  Well, the it made for this year, we expect to just close the loop with it. Often is being used internally at Tesla because we obviously can easily use several thousand. Humanoid robots at the Tesla for, you know, like the most boring annoying tasks in the factory. Like the Tesla nobody wants to do. We're we have to, like, beg people to do this task and then they that it's like that.  Like the robust, totally happy to do. The boring dangerous were better to test the, no, no, humans want to do and that's also actually some of the easiest use cases for us to, you know, have have Optimus do things like, you know, like load load the hopper like for, you know, excited looking body line. If you like transporting, you know, pieces of sheet metal to the, the room, which is very robot, the robot welding line for the body and you just have to dare  Non-stop, take things out of out of a 4-1 fixture to another fixture. It's a very boring job that's kind of thing with the Alchemist could Is a very boring job that's the kind of thing with the Alchemist. Could do. Okay, runs around comes all the world's terms of Independence. Yeah, there's there's a ton of boring jobs, tedious jobs being rude. You know, slightly dangerous jobs, that perfect Partners. So we expect to use office for those tasks, at our factories and and that'll help us close loop for improvement this year. It's really with production version 2.  Which I think launches sometime next year. I'd like to be the beginning of next year but maybe it is more like the middle of next year. And and we have to just go with it with a production line that is designed for, you know, on the order of 10,000 units, a month versus 1,000 units a month.  So like when you're designing it for like we design a production line for Thousand Years a month, it takes you a while to actually reach anywhere close to 1,000 a month. When you signed that for any given product production output, it takes a while to actually reach its potential, but the current line that were designing is for roughly 1,000 units, a month of of Optimus robots. The next line would be for 10,000 years a month.  Line after that would be for 100,000 units a month.  And I think probably with product with version 2,  That is a very rough guess because of, there's old so much uncertainty here, very rough. Guess that we saw delivering often as robots to companies that are outside of Tesla in the, maybe the second half of next year, something like that. But like this is such an exponential ramp that will go from. No one's receiving. Humanoid robots to these things like coming out like crazy. We can't build enough. What would they were always going to be in? They would can't build enough situation.  Demand will not be a problem even at a high price. And then I will said like, once we start one square at a steady state of above a million units a year, I think the production, you know, if I'm confident at a million years a year that the production costs of Optimus will be less than 20 thousand dollars.  Your compare, the complexity of Optimus to the complexity of the car. So just a total mess and complexity of Optimus is is as much less than a car. So I would expect that at similar volumes to say the model Y, which is that over a million units here that you'd see Optimus be, I don't know half the per half the cost.  Something like that. What the what the price of Optimus is is a different matter, the price of office will be set by the market demand.  Great. Thank you very much. The next question is, what is the status on mass production? The Tesla semi and how will it impact revenue and scale?  I can say that well so we just closed up to some I factory roof and walls last week in Reno that has schedule, which is great with the weather really know. You never know what's going to happen but we're prepping for mechanical, insulation and all the equipment in the coming months. The first builds of the high volume. So my design will come late this year 2025 and begin ramping early in 2026, but as we've said before, you know the semi has a TCO no-brainer like it's really similar to Optimus, it's you know.  It by how much people pay and, you know, it has a total cost of ownership. It's much much cheaper than any other Transportation you can have. So at that point, when we're at scale it will meaningfully contribute to the Tesla has Revenue, why things difficult to say? How much  Picking one. I'll um no I mean how do you think it tells us that my game with autonomy is going to be incredibly valuable, you know, there were actually have a shortage of truck drivers in America. That's one of the limiting factors on transport and  People are human so they get tired and sometimes and you know there's its you know, I have a lot of respect for truck drivers because it's a tough job, but because it's a tough tough. There's not that many people that want to do it and this actually fewer. I believe, if I am, I saying is correct. There are fewer people entering truck driving his profession. Then are leaving it. Yes. So when you think of yeah, exactly. So so when you consider okay, there's more believing try.  In his profession than entering it. Well we're going to have a real logistic problem as time goes by. So autonomy will be very important to meet that need  it's like yeah, a little  I don't know. It's Little I don't know. It's a several billion a year opportunity which I don't know in this context. Is that these days? I did several volunteer matter. I think it does not nothing. It's probably you know might as well a good time doing your thing. That's a billion a month at some point. Probably  But I bet it's, you know, the oldest is going to pale in comparison dogmas. So yeah, billion a month is it's a lot but it's, it's not, it's going to be like 1% of optimism thing. Great, thank you very much. We already covered the next question, I think opening remarks. So moving on. Is it expected that Tesla will need to upgrade Hardware, three vehicles and if so what is the timeline?  And expected impact to Tesla has capex. I think I'm referring to cos they're, they're really asking the tough questions all day. I guess we're he's in a van stopped working on Hardware through yet. We are still making software releases. We released the 1.6 release recently which was like this like a baby we 13 but it's a significant Improvement compared to what they had previously and you know people are still finding ways to distill larger models in the small model. So we're not given up on Hardware three.  We're working on it, I just the L. Will Trail the hardware for releases?  Thank you Chef. Yeah. I mean I think the honest answer is that we're gonna have to upgrade people's Hardware three computer for those that are portable self-driving and then is the honest answer and that's going to be painful and difficult but we'll get it done.  Now I'm kind of glad that not that many people bought the prophecy package. Thanks Elon. The next question, has Tesla given up on renting their solar roof product.  No. We're sorry like, oh my God. Yeah. Oh yeah, I can take it. Yeah. Solar roof remains a core part of the residential product portfolio, and it still remains where it draws a lot of customer interest. Despite it being premium products, we've worked on multiple iterations of engineering to make the product easier to install and distribute by the producing the skew count. And, you know, more recently rather than direct installation, we are focused on growth through our Nationwide network of certified installers.  And many of those, they've been installing solar group with us for many years.  That's actually turned out to be a much better way for that. Like it is just let the roof just supply products, the roofing industry and especially when somebody's going to kiss is getting a new roof anyway or building a house from scratch. Obviously this is by far the most efficient time to put in a solar roof as opposed to putting this whole roof on a house that where the roof still has, you know, 20 years of life that that's not economically sensible. But but but if it's a new house,  Or the leaf roof needs to be replaced. Anyway, then solar roof can make a lot of sense and, and and it is it is a premium product. It's like the Tesla like Model S model X or some looks like a pretty, it's a premium product. I think it looks really cool and you're out, I mean your house generates electricity and if you combine it with the Tesla powerwall battery, then you can be self-sufficient. So even if the grid turns off even if the grits  Dojo for several days, your hostel works.  And your roof looks awesome. So it's like I recommend anyone who had you can afford it. Get the Tesla solar roof and the powerwall.  You're the only life might depend on it, get enough. And and just just in terms of convenience, you know, your kids are not going to yell at you because their computers, don't work because the power went out and there and you can charge your phone first week. Actually happens to. Yeah.  Thank you very much. The next question was covered in opening remarks so we will skip that. And the last question from say.com, what technical breakthroughs will Define the 14 of FSD given that the 13 already covered, Photon to confirm all  Well we're going to have a look but will help improve and photons to Upward. We've been in sort of the nothing but dance situation, nothing but neural Nets from photons to controls for a while now for just improving the neural net. I guess we could get into some of the technical details to some degree have to say. Technical details. Some degree have to say, I continue to be amazed by just how effective order aggressive Transformers, are at solving, a wide range of problems.  I'm going to show you is then it if you'd like to add there without giving away the sort of family secrets except for things, we photonics already as a continue to scale the model size lat you know, we scale bunch of e-13 but then there's still room to grow. So we're going to continue to scale. The water sighs. You're going to increase the contact lens, even more the memory sort of like limited right now, we only increase the amount of memory also gave to even minutes of context for driving. We're going to add audio.  He owed and emergency vehicles better at like data of the tricky Corner cases that we get from the entire fleet. You know, any interventions for any kind of plug in a user intervention. We said that to the data, the data set, so scaling in basically every access to Clinic compute, its size model, size model context. And also all the reinforcement learning objectives,  Already with that. We will move over to analysts questions so just as a reminder, you will need to unmute yourself to ask your question. And the first question will be coming from Daniel rosca. From Bernstein Daniel. Please go ahead and unmute yourself. Hey, good evening everybody. It's Daniel for Bernstein, Elon Tesla, share price. Clearly already includes quite a few of the anticipated benefits. You talked about today yet realizing what you call kind of difficult dojo.  But achievable will take some time. What are you pushing the Tesla executive team to do differently now to accelerate the innovation in order to realize the value, you described for the company?  well, I mean we're  Working on perfecting real world a I think and making rapid progress week of a week if not more, you know. So the amount of a month it's often week over week.  I spent a lot of time with the Tesla II team and the Tesla after his team at then I go with a problem is essentially like not you know, if something was you know, portion sometimes like don't talk to Tesla executive. Mike. Hey, we don't see very often and I'm like, that's because your stuff is working. Awesome yourself working with your great. Unfortunately, I didn't see them very often because I go where the bomb is. So,  I promise, we're like, what's the, what's the greatest challenge that lies ahead? So, obviously, there's this, there are many challenges with Optimus, it's a hard problem to solve many challenges will check with the vehicle autonomy, but we're making rapid progress in both.  Yeah. Okay. I mean sounds like you you've got a conviction that the pieces you need. Right? Are are in place. Yeah. If we kind of go 12 months down the line and we look back and you had some of those but maybe what are the kind of two or three? Kpis, that would tell you, that, you know, you're on track and it's going the right way, and the pieces you put in place. Are the right pieces, right? That's kind of what I'm looking for or other way.  Round. Where would it be off? Most likely in your mind that you say hey I need to go back there and I need to change something to enable the team better.   Well, I mean I think my prediction is that I'm making here are going to be pretty accurate.  Yeah, and it's with an echo. So sometimes girls out your lines always late. Well, actually, no. The problem is that the media reports on when I'm late but never works when I'm really so sure I'm optimistic, but I'm not that optimistic, you know, there are many cases in past where I actually would have been early you know such as completion of the Shanghai Factory or fragrance Factory gigafactory completion is generally been ahead of schedule, not behind. So   Yeah, so the but I like so I'm very confident. We will have released on 2 players ball self-driving. Fully autonomous Tesla has in Austin and several other cities in America by the end of this year. That's probably everywhere in America next year, at everywhere. North America, at least, I think, in terms of next year, our constraints and I think it's likely to be just regulatory, you know, like, like, like you  Europe really has. For example, Europe is layer cake of regulations and bureaucracy, which really needs to be addressed. There's this  In a drug like America innovates Europe. Regulates it's like eyes. A drug like America innovates Europe. Regulates, so guys, this too many reps on the field. Any, for example, for us to just to release and just release supervised, full self-driving in Europe, even though it works really well. We have to go through a mountain of paperwork with the Netherlands, which is our primary regulatory Authority, then the Netherlands presents this to the EU. And I think met  And there's like this big EU country committee. We expected to be approved at that time. But there's nothing we can do to make that may happen soon enough. In fact, nobody seems to do if that I guess all the countries would have to somehow vote in some way to have it happen sooner than May  Otherwise, we weren't having children me. So then we will then when is unsupervised ever? See a lot in Europe on Mike  Maybe next year. Maybe, I don't know where to find out when you use me again. Sometimes it's a 12-month, Cadence, sometimes a six-month Cadence then China, which is a humongous gigantic Market. We do have some challenges because they weren't currently allow us to transfer training video outside of China and then the US government won't let us do training in China. So we're in a bit of a bind there.  Said it, like, whatever quandary. So we already solving that is, by literally, looking at videos of streets in China that are available on the internet to understand and then feeding that into our video training so that publicly available video of street signs and traffic rules in. China can be can be used for training.  And then also putting it in a good recovery accurate simulator. And and so it will train using some for, you know, bus lanes, and try and like bus lanes and China. By the way, what about the biggest challenges in making FSD working? Try and is the bus lanes? Are very complicated and there's like, literally, like hours of the day that you're allowed to be there and not be there. And then, if you accidentally go in a bus lane, at the wrong time, the the you get it.  Automatic ticket instantly. So there's kind of a big deal bus lanes in China. So we have put that into our  Simulator train on that. The cross know what time of day, it is read the sign better. It will get the solved, but I think we'll have unsupervised FSD in almost every Market this year, limited simply by regulatory issues, not technical capability.  Okay. And then then unsupervised FSD in the US this year, in many cities, but Nationwide next year and and hopefully we have unsupervised FSD in most countries by the end of next year. That's the best. My prediction with best data that I have right now.  Great, thank you very much. The next question will come from Adam Jonas at Morgan Stanley. Adam, please feel free to unmute yourself.  Thanks everybody. So Elon you've said in the past about lidar for a positively that lidar is a crutch, a Fool's errand. I think you even told me once, even if it was free and say you wouldn't use it, you still feel that way. Yes.  Care to elaborate or just another question. Look, we even have a radar in the corner. We turned it off.  I got it. All right so here's bill. Yeah, people think you're crazy you know but for not look like humans drive without shooting lasers out of their eyes English. You're Superman, you know but like humans drive just with passive visual dreams drivers with eyes and a neural net and a rainy roll, man. So sort of biological chemical which of the so the digital equivalent of eyes and a brain.  Our cameras and and digital neural Nets Rai. So that's the entire Road system was designed for Passive Optical neural Nets. That's how the horse that wrote system was not designed and what everyone is expecting other car either. Sell we expect other close to behave. So therefore that is very obviously the solution for for self-driving in it as a generalized for the generalized solution for. Driving as opposed to the very specific  neighborhood by neighborhood solution, which protocol to maintain, which is Very specific neighborhood by neighborhood solution, which vertical to maintain, which is what our competitors are doing.  I got that. Yeah, I mean, either doesn't work in The Fall. Guys, neither has a lot of issues like like I don't have someone like that SpaceX Dragon docks with the space station using lidar that a program that I personally spearheaded, I don't have some fundamental bizarre dislike. The lidar is simply the wrong solution for driving car loan roads. Right? You understand how light our works I guess definitely designed and built our own  Red lidar. I oversaw the project. There's anything. It was my decision to use later on dragon and I was saw the that that engineering project directly. So I'm like we looked really designed made a rata relied on the doctor space station. If I thought it was the right solution for cars I would do that but it isn't. Yeah all right just as a follow-up at CES you said I'm paraphrasing the any way, I will be able to do any cognitive tasks not involving atoms.  Within the next three or four years, and that would imply. Elon that. Before the end of President, Trump's term in office that a, I would be moving pretty damn quickly into the physical world, or the world of photons and atoms, and I'm thinking given your work with the administration. How confident are you that the US has, will have the manufacturing in the supply base to make good on your excitement about physical AI by the, you know, end of bilateral, this decade. We've seen pretty vulnerable right now. I've seen  You Tweeting about or sorry, Xing, excuse me, Elon about China, for audience, live about China, having like making more drones in a day than the u.s. makes in a year and all the entanglement of the supply. So what has to happen in the u.s. to make that possible? What's your message? And what can what can you do about it? And what's relevant for Tesla shareholders, thanks Elon.  Well, a Tesla obviously we think manufacturing is cool SpaceX. We think manufacturing is cool, but in general, for talented Americans they need to go beyond, you know, my young mind companies found me at end of people in my teams here in general. We need to make many factoring bulla game in America and you know like honestly think people should move from like law and finance huge manufacturing. That's why I'm spending we've  This is both a compliment in the criticism. We have too much talent in law and Engineering law and Finance in America and there should be more of that talented in many veteran. So,  Yeah.  I mean, at Tesla, we're making sure that we can continue to make sure our stuff even in the event of geopolitical tensions, rising to very high levels.  Okay, thank you very much. The next question will come from Pierre. Fair. Goo New Street Pierre. Please. Feel free to unmute yourself.  Hey thanks guys I'll taking the question. So I have a question you know on deploying like rubber taxes in June in Austin so that's great news and I was wondering if it means I can you know drive down to Austin in June and try and try and Supplies by myself is my God. So it's going to be more like  Your fleets testing it.  It'll be our Fleet, testing it. That's how sort of toe in the water, you know, would be scrutinizing. It very carefully. Make sure was also something we missed, but it will be, you know, right. I'm trying to his right healing for money and in Austin, in June and then as swiftly as possible other cities in America and I expect us to be operating a drink on  To advise activity with, with, with our internal Fleet in several studies by the end of the year, then, as probably next year, when people are are able to add or subtract their car from the fleet. So either, come on Airbnb where you can sort of add or subtract your house or guest room. You know, he's like attitude and Airbnb inventory, or Dojo added to them being be a ettore.  you know, if you're traveling for a month, you can  or whatever the case may be, you can let other people use your house and then in research like that's probably next year because we want to just make sure we find out any kinks and Because we want to just make sure if ironed out a any tanks and a lot of it is it's not like we're not splitting the atom here. It's just a bunch of work that needs to be done to make sure the whole thing works efficiently that people can order the car. It comes to the right spot is exactly right thing. All the payment systems work. The billing works.  Yeah. Okay. But then like so my first question would be, you know I have a Tesla I have it as D and I have to keep my eyes on the, on the road all the time. It's super boring because I don't really need to intervene anymore. And the really annoying thing is that I can't just check my emails. And so are you working also on introducing, you know, like a kind of like three and supervised where  Where I could be eyes Earth and and I would be able to check my email and we just need to with a five-second noticed, have to go back and keep an eye on what's happening or is that something you're working on as well? Because it feels so close. We be certain that I wonder if it's something. We can expect for this year. It's very selfish question. I asked for my son's, to be honest. Yes, we just need. We need to be very confident that the probability of injury is low. Before we are people to check  Che Guevara be male and text messages. If I'm right now we're in this perverse situation which we have encountered yourself where people actually go to manual. Driving to check your text messages. Yep. So the computer doesn't yell at them and and then go then put it back on autonomous mode. Once they've checked the Tesla text messages which is obviously less safe significantly mustn't. Forget me with safe. Significantly less same but just letting people  I'll check their texts once in a while without the computer yelling at them Redfoo. Just want to be cautious about that at the a to that we're in this sort of, you know, neither here nor there but just for I mean, I think it's not for many months longer.  But yeah, we're in the in this perverse situation will be will turn the car off autopilot, so we can beer doesn't help them. Check the Tesla text messages. Well, well steering, the car with your knee and not looking out the window. Like, like, you know, if you have any problems with the system and when people are not looking, that is a dangerous. And that's what we're trying to avoid. It's the community is getting there but it's not fully there.  That's right. He was using the double dipping a toe in the water then getting comfortable then together.  Anyway, it's not far off.  but we wouldn't want to prove to ourselves the Improvement, proved ourselves and obviously prove to Regulators that the car is unequivocally safer in autonomous mode, then they're not  and that's we're not far off. So would look at this is like low single-digit months.  To the safety aspect. We did Publishers safety vehicle. Safety report today. And in key for was one crash for every five point. Nine million miles driven, compared to a crash over 700,000 miles without Palm Pilot. We're running circles. Guess we're getting to the point where it's an order of magnitude events like 8.5 X, signaling. And so, it's just about there. Yeah, it's amazing.  Great already. And our last question will be coming from Dan Levi, at Barclays. And Dan, feel free to unmute yourself.  Hungry. Good evening. Thank you for taking other questions you want. You talked about the need for proliferation of sustainable transport in the past, as part of a sort of broader push to sustainable energy. Oh God, I don't know. We've heard a lot about President Obama's plans to reverse the Ed mandate and I think there's a view that given regulation is a driver CD up. Take this could slow EV uptake in the u.s. so what would be your view?  View on the right policy in the US. Given your comments in the past of the need to push for sustainable transport.  You know, at this point I think the that sustainable transport is inevitable, I'm highly confident. All Transport will be autonomous electric, including aircraft and that it simply, it's it can't be stopped anymore than one could have stopped the Advent of the external combustion, engine steam engine or, or one could have stopped the Advent of the internal combustion engine.  like, even if you've been the biggest Force, The internal combustion engine. Like you can, if you've been the biggest Force Advocate that on Earth, he liked it. Like a horse's of the way. Don't these newfangled car automobiles? The you can't stop. They have into going with y'all. It's going to happen.  And you can't, you can't stop the Advent of electric cars, it's going to happen. The only thing holding back, electric cars was range and that is a solved problem.  Great. And then as a follow up, you know, in the past Elon you had made a comment that, you know, you'd be willing to sell cars at effectively no margin to get the cars out there and there's a comment in the release today of the rate of acceleration of autonomy efforts, does impact volume growth. So perhaps you could just talk about, you know, with your efforts on FSD how we should think about your dojo.  Desire to put more Vehicles out in the market, to take advantage of your of your Tech advances.  So I'm not sure. I understand the question, we have a lot of cars and you've got millions of cars out. There is your question done that. How do we, how do we marry our future growth aspects with FSD?  Get going to meet yourself down.  Yeah more. So just how much more aggressively you would be wish it willing to, you know, sell your cars versus versus, you know, in light of your of your improvements on that Dusty.   Well, right now, the constraint we're trying to solve is battery production as opposed to demand. So you're and now q1. We've got this massive factory retooling for the new model, why? For example, and obviously a has a short-term impact on awkward but the followers thing was in fact, we're talking the the executive team and I were talking about just before this call was from gotta figure out how  How to increase total giggling hours of battery production this year, one way or another, that's the constraint on our output.  Already. And with that, I think we are all done for today. So thanks everyone so much for all your questions. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. They very much and goodbye.